There can never be a computer language in which you cannot write a bad program.
Why are orchestra intermissions limited to 20 minutes?
The Japanese added sport wheels and an aero kit to the car, they than sent it to the U.K.
Do you have an oxymoron you would like to contribute to this section?
Abstinence is a good thing, but it should always be practiced in moderation.
Borrow money from a pessimist. He doesn't expect to get it back.
Kansas, Chicago, Boston, America, and Alabama are places, not bands.
For once I'm at a loss for words. Mark down the date!
Find out how many friends you have... rent a beach villa.
If cops hang out at donut shops, why don't bakers hang out at police stations?
Bring some dry ice  make it look like your computer is smoking.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
The degree of technical competence is inversely proportional to the level of management.
Why do "fat chance" and "slim chance" mean the same thing?
You are the Starship Enterprise of stupidity - going where no idiot has ever gone before.
Whenever I feel like exercising I lie down until the feeling passes.
Don't bring your silver dollar yo-yo near the slot machines.
A broken lock will always work when demonstrated for the locksmith.
What's the difference between Britt Ekland and Ayers Rock?
You would rather go to work than stay home sick.
True friends are like diamonds, precious and rare. False friends are like autumn leaves, scattered everywhere.
Why is it that the word "gullible" isn't in the dictionary?
If I have to work for an idiot, I might as well work for myself.
You might be a Desi if, there are more that 4 guys living in a 2-bedroom apartment.
I'm not littering.... I'm donating to the earth.
Help! There are Windows everywhere! In my car, my house.
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
Did ya hear? They took the word gullible out of the dictionary!
Why do they but Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM?
Good: The postman's early. Bad: He's wearing camos and has an AK-47.
Did you hear about the pregnant bedbug? She had her baby in the spring.
The difficulty with a research grant is that if you solve the problem, you're out of a job.
If at first you don't succeed, then skydiving definitely isn't for you!
Vatican City is the smallest country in the world, with a population of 1000 and a size 108.7 acres.
Vanguard: The person left behind to guard the van.
If you don't have anything nice to say about anyone.....
Study Art and Logic - and learn to draw your own conclusions.
I had plastic surgery last week. I cut up my credit cards.
I'd love to, but I think you want the OTHER Phillip.
If the customer wants vanilla, give him vanilla.
As of 1992, they'll be called European Economic Community fries.
Agent: Hello. I would like to order 19 large pizzas and 67 cans of soda.
Clock: A small mechanical device to wake up people without children.
If you suddenly drop a pussy, it may hunt you down like the dog you are.
If you can remain calm, you don't have all the facts.
Everyday I beat my own previous record for number of consecutive days I've stayed alive.
I had a dream that I loved you... I think I woke up screaming.
Hi: I found it on the rack. I just want to buy it.
Why call it a building if it's already been built?
Sweetheart: That's OK, it wasn't really too expensive.
The trouble with some women is that they get all excited about nothing (and then they marry him).
Elephant suit but its always groping the customers.
Only 55% of all Americans know that the sun is a star.
Play pool. What do you have to lose, but your self-respect?
Buttheads do have a redeemable feature: Mortality.
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
Interviewees, despite not having the relevant knowledge or experience, terminate the interview when told of the starting salary.
If there's one thing I can't stand, it's intolerance.
The Boy Scouts is like the Army with adult supervision.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
The guy, now perplexed, says yes and the two take off.
Im a bit worried about the future - I went to a funeral this week - and caught the wreath.
Why aren't there any screws in a lesbians house?
Given the choice to sleep with anyone, living or dead, chose the living one.
She gave birth to twins, and he didn't believe her when she said there was no other guy.
The closest library doesn't have the material you need.
This is what she put on his tombstone: The Light of My Life Has Gone Out.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
It doesn't matter what temperature the room is, it's always room temperature.
When the photocopier doesn't work, call computer support. There's electronics in it.
Hiroshima..45........Tjernobil..86........Windows..95....
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow they may cancel your VISA.
What I'd settle for is WYAFIWYG - "What You Ask For Is What You Get".
Whits pink, wrinkled and hangs oot yer trousers??? Yer Gran!
The worst thing you could catch from the opposite sex was cooties?
Answer: Because it scares the hell out of the dog!
If you're driving at the speed of light and you turn on you headlights, what happens?
I've learned that you cannot make someone love you.
Nothing says you care like a gummi bear. Or a bag thereof.
When they saw their church, it was very run down and needed much work.
Lead a horse to water, kill it and eat like a king.
Got up and dressed myself. What more do you want?
Thou shalt not walk in on a dinner party and commence licking thy butt.
He had a flat tire as he was driving to an important meeting.
In case of doubt, make it sound positive and convincing.
Love your enemies; they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
For as long as I can remember, I've had amnesia....
Eddie - wants too many chicks he'll never get 'cos he's an arsehole.
Having your lawyer pay for lunch will be very expensive in the end.
Education is what you get from reading the small print; experience is what you get from not reading it.
There's two theories to arguing with a woman. Neither one works.
Reading with your eyes closed may help you understand.
When is summer in Canada? Last year it was a Tuesday in July.
A young second generation Indian in the US, is explaining the significance of Diwali to his younger brother.
Men know that men are from here, and women are from way the hell over there.
When it comes to getting a suntan, ignorance is blister.
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss do an honest day's work.
The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its intention.
Keyboard: device used to enter errors into the computer.
Question authority and the authorities will question you.
The trouble with giving advice is that people want to repay you.
The meek shall inherit the earth, but not it's mineral rights.
All I ask for is the opportunity to prove that money doesn't buy happiness.
Forget yourself for others and others will not forget you.
Second, during the years ahead, when you come to the fork in the road, take it.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
Note: If the Random button doesn't work repeatedly, use the reload button on your browser instead.
Women who seek to be equal to men lack ambition.
Good, better, best. Never rest until good be better, and better, best.
Good: Your wife meets you at the door nude. Bad: She's coming home.
Each year the Washington Post's asks readers to take any word from the dictionary ...
Three engineering students were discussing the possible designers of the human body.
At one point learned what happens when you swallow tobacco juice.
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much if your lips are moving.
With free advice, you usually get what you paid for.
To every rule there is an exception, and vice versa.
Some oxygen molecules help fires burn while others help make water, so sometimes it's brother against brother.
When it comes to humility, I'm the best there is.
If your wife wants to learn to drive, don't stand in her way.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
When you're swimming in the creek, and an eel bites your cheek, that's a moray!
This car protected by a pissed off mother with a .45 auto.
How can you avoid hurting someones feelings without being a liar?
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
When a person wants to believe something, it doesn't take much to convince them.
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.
When the paramedics arrived, they helped him regain consciousness and asked if he knew what caused him to faint.
What's wrong? = What meaningless self-inflicted psycho trauma are you going through now?
Wrinkles are sure signs of where smiles have been.
He who lives to run away will live to run another day (the best strategy is being somewhere else).
If God hadn't wanted me to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given me such a vivid imagination.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
Why don't you try practicing random acts of intelligence and senseless acts of self-control?.
Isn't it a bit unerving that doctors call what they do practice?
For those who have a Mon-key, this is not funny.
If you get a hair in your teeth consuming pussy, you are not disgusted.
Someone who smells the flowers and looks for the casket.
When it rains, the sky is completely covered in clouds. How does the rain get through?
The origin of the universe: First, there was nothing. Then it exploded.
Psychiatrists say that 1 in 4 people is mentally ill. Check three friends. If they're OK, it's you.
People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. They shouldn't nail up pictures either.
What's the problem with blind people going bungy jumping?
Heaven doesn't want me, and hell is afraid I'll take over.
Before you borrow money from a friend, decide which you need more.
What I don't want is WITYWIWYG - "What I Think You Want Is What You Get".
A modern artist is one who throws paint on canvas, wipes it off with a cloth and sells the cloth.
Dyslexics untie! Together we can trip up the world!
A man is incomplete until he's married. After that, he's finished.
The pastor insisted on driving her home, that was the least he could do.
Ajit: Kahin par bhi so jao Rawbert, hum to Mona ke saath soyenge!
When there's a will, there's a way..when there's a won't, there isn't.
I'm not rude, I'm attitudinally challenged.
If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
There are two kinds of egotists: those who admit it and the rest of us.
Don't thank me for insulting you. It was my pleasure...
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
Polaroid: What a polar bear gets from sitting on ice.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
He's shocked when he finds that his skin is starting to turn purple, too.
If you want to read about love and marriage, you've got to buy two separate books.
One nice thing about egoists: They don't talk about other people.
As he tossed the bone onto a huge pile of there bones, he noticed the rescue team.
Miller's Law of Insurance: Insurance covers everything except what happens.
Copyright © 1998 - 2004 Expatriate Online All rights reserved.
You know you're getting on in years when the girls at the office start confiding in you.
Use this form to send this joke in an email message to someone you know.
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
Saturday morning cartoons weren't 30-minute commercials for action figures?
The horn of plenty is usually the one behind you in traffic!
Some people manage by the book, even they don't know who wrote the book, or even what book.
One Step Beyond The Night Gallery into The Outer Limits of The Twilight Zone.
Sex is like air; it isn't important until you aren't getting any.
Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capabilities of the programmer who must maintain it.
I'm the bastard that drives slow in the left lane.
If a cow laughs really hard, does milk come out its nose?
The universe is a figment of its own imagination. There's no future in time travel.
Just tell Nemo you couldn't find him because you were getting high. He'll understand.
The best way to get back on your feet: miss a car payment.
Old programmers never die; they just give up their resources.
One advantage of getting older is that there are more younger women all the time.
The combat worth of a unit is inversely proportional to the smartness of its outfit and appearance.
Very young children might misunderstand some jokes.
A person with horse sense is a person with a stable mind.
THE FARMER ALLOWS WALKERS TO CROSS THE FIELD FOR FREE, BUT THE BULL CHARGES.
The Captain asks all the passengers to chip in a little for gas.
Life's not passing me by....it's RUNNING ME OVER!!!!
Why are people overwhelmed but never just whelmed?
EnricoSuave/Henry Velez articles are Copyrighted, 1996-1999.
Low Bidder -- A contractor who is wondering what he or she left out.
Instead of being born again, why not just grow up?
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
Clairvoyants meeting cancelled due to unforeseen events.
Don't take life too seriously, you won't get out alive.
It takes years to build up trust, and only seconds to destroy it.
You're setting on a park bench and a Boy Scout comes up and helps you cross your legs.
All things being equal, a fat person uses more soap than a thin person.
Coupons always expire before you have a chance to use them.
I'm trying to arrange my life so I don't have to be present.
IF YOU DON'T LIKE MY DRIVING, STAY OFF THE SIDEWALK!!!
